I don't want it first I don't want it first
from now on
Yun Qiu Di Di Di Di Di Di wrote
Just how can we see it?
What, when, too 50 billion
Do you do it first?
Why did you ask me before? I calculated it quickly and added it up.
Not one is ready yet
Why not?
nothing is impossible
I am now the one who hates the earth.
It's just like me anyway
I just said it was right and I was wrong, then okay
I just said
I want to fight your three-headed legs
Let me coax you out
I am not destined for the situation of my life
Speaking of never being unemployed
Do you still count yourself if you don’t?
That's one side over there
Don't be kind to the favor of a light horse
Don't care as much as I care
I would have asked you to coax me again
You must seriously not use me
I just looked at him
I am you Tongbaka
this is my father
And all the stage performers are over there
Pass my stuff
The fight was really big and overbearing.
Please stay tuned for the secret attack